doc: nrf5340audio: add info about vol button (#9869)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf5340_audio/README.rst

+---------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Button        | Function                                                                               |
+===============+========================================================================================+
| **VOL-**      | Depending on the moment it is pressed:                                                 |
|               |                                                                                        |

> |               | * Long-pressed during startup: Changes the headset to the one to the left.             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|               | * Long-pressed during startup: Changes the headset to be the left channel.             |
```

Author: This is not clear to me. Let's clarify on Teams.

Author: Rephrased a bit.

> |               | * Pressed on the headset during playback: Turns the playback volume down (and unmutes).|

Reviewer: We can also use volume buttons on the CIS gateway

+---------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **VOL+**      | Depending on the moment it is pressed:                                                 |
|               |                                                                                        |

> |               | * Long-pressed during startup: Changes the headset to the one to the right.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|               | * Long-pressed during startup: Changes the headset to be the right channel.            |
```

Author: Rephrased a bit.

#. Press the **BTN 4** button on the gateway multiple times.
   For each button press, the audio stream playback is stopped and the gateway sends a test tone to both headsets.
   These tones can be used as audio cues to check the synchronization of the headsets.

> #. Press the **RESET** button on the gateway and hold **VOL+** on one of the headsets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Hold down the **VOL+** button and press the **RESET** button on the left headset.
```

>    After startup, the playback stream will be changed to the headset to the right of the headset on which you pressed the volume button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   After startup, this headset will now be configured as a right channel headset. You can change it back to left by doing the same step, but using the **VOL-** button instead of the **VOL+** button.
```

> 

Reviewer: We should add a note here saying that when a headset is reset, it goes back to the channel (left/right) it was configured to be when it was programmed

#. Press the **BTN 4** button on the gateway multiple times.
   For each button press, the audio stream playback is stopped and the gateway sends a test tone to both headsets.
   These tones can be used as audio cues to check the synchronization of the headsets.
#. Hold down the **VOL+** button and press the **RESET** button on the left headset.
   After startup, this headset will be configured as the right channel headset.
#. Hold down the **VOL-** button and press the **RESET** button on the left headset.
   After startup, this headset will go back to be configured as the left channel headset.
   You can also just press the **RESET** button to restore the original programmed settings.

After the kits have paired for the first time, they are now bonded.

> This means the Long-Term Key(LTK) is stored on each side, and that the kits will only connect to each other unless the bonding information is cleared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means the Long-Term Key (LTK) is stored on each side, and that the kits will only connect to each other unless the bonding information is cleared.
```
